[processor/attributes] Clarify logs are supported by this processor (#6818)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/attributesprocessor/README.md

Refer to [config.yaml](./testdata/config.yaml) for detailed
examples on using the processor.

## Include/Exclude Filtering

> The [attribute processor](README.md) and the [span processor](../spanprocessor/README.md) expose

Reviewer: I'd say we should remove span processor link from here to avoid confusion

Author: Agreed. I also updated the example config with the rest of the supported fields.

> the option to provide a set of properties of a span/logs to match against to determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the option to provide a set of properties of a span or log record to match against to determine
```
?

Refer to [config.yaml](./testdata/config.yaml) for detailed
examples on using the processor.

## Include/Exclude Filtering

The [attribute processor](README.md) exposes
an option to provide a set of properties of a span or log record to match against to determine
if the span/log should be included or excluded from the processor. To configure

> this option, under `include` and/or `exclude` at least `match_type` and one of of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this option, under `include` and/or `exclude` at least `match_type` and one of the following
```

        # < see "Match Configuration" below >

      # services specify an array of items to match the service name against.
      # A match occurs if the span service name matches at least one of the items.
      # This is an optional field.
      services: [<item1>, ..., <itemN>]

      # resources specify an array of items to match the resources against.
      # A match occurs if the span/log resources matches at least one of the items.
      resources: [<item1>, ..., <itemN>]

      # libraries specify an array of items to match the implementation library against.
      # A match occurs if the span/log implementation library matches at least one of the items.

>       resources: [<item1>, ..., <itemN>]

Reviewer: libraries?

Author: Yep, thanks!
